docs: fix broken link (#6801)
meltano/meltano: docs/src/_getting-started/meltano-at-a-glance.md

- **No lock-in**: It's open source and has a strong community, you'll always be free.. (derisk)
- **It's extensible from day 1**: It's super easy to add a custom connection using the SDKs/EDKs.
- **Amazing developer experience**: Developers go from start to finish on new data projects, including extraction, loading, transforming, & orchestrating data within days.

> - **Small surface area**: Features like "inline data mappingsmake " remove unnecessary steps from your data pipelines, and help companies stay compliant to security & GDPR regulations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Small surface area**: Features like inline data mapping remove unnecessary steps from your data pipelines, and help companies stay compliant to security & GDPR regulations.
```

> - **Small surface area**: Features like "inline data mappingsmake " remove unnecessary steps from your data pipelines, and help companies stay compliant to security & GDPR regulations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Small surface area**: Features like "inline data mappings" make it easy to remove unnecessary information from your data pipelines, and help companies stay compliant to security & GDPR regulations.
```
